[pretty] downgrade to clang-format/tidy v9.0 (#5761)
openthread/openthread: CONTRIBUTING.md

#### Coding Conventions and Style

> OpenThread uses and enforces the [OpenThread Coding Conventions and Style](STYLE_GUIDE.md) on all code, except for code located in [third_party](third_party). Use `script/make-pretty` and `script/make-pretty check` to automatically reformat code and check for code-style compliance, respectively. OpenThread currently requires [clang-format v9.0.0](http://releases.llvm.org/download.html#10.0.0) for C/C++ and [yapf v0.29.0](https://github.com/google/yapf) for Python.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
OpenThread uses and enforces the [OpenThread Coding Conventions and Style](STYLE_GUIDE.md) on all code, except for code located in [third_party](third_party). Use `script/make-pretty` and `script/make-pretty check` to automatically reformat code and check for code-style compliance, respectively. OpenThread currently requires [clang-format v9.0.0](https://releases.llvm.org/download.html#9.0.0) for C/C++ and [yapf v0.29.0](https://github.com/google/yapf) for Python.
```
